variable is a assigned element that is given value. The variable is like the name of a item.

string are characters that are that are pieced together with single or double qupotation marks encasing them

Functions(arguments, return) is a piece of code to perform a task based of of using arguments and parameters to set the environment for code
arguments are value(variables) that the function uses to help run it. Whatever is in the () is what the function uses
When the code reaches a return statement the function will stop running, and return the value

if statements- conditional statemnts that will return a value if its true, or return a differnt value if its false. There can be numerous conditons for to determine which to retrun. If statement is the first given and is the first condtion considered

Boolen values (true, false) are acutal vaues or statemnts that can be given a true or false value. True is determines if two values equal eachother, and false is determined if they don't equal eachother.

Objects are variables that contains named values called properties or methods. Everything in JS is an Objects
A collection of data(characteristics) about one thing (user). You can name the index of the object called keys or properties
ex: let user {
    username: "ndavis299",
    password: "badboy21",
    favNum: 21,
    lovesJavascript: True,
}

console.log(user.username)

or

console.log(user["username"]


Properties are how we name objects usig this syntax name:value
for examples firstName: "John". Basically the name:value pairs

Methods are actions that can be performed on objects. They are stored on properties as function definiation. Meaning, the property value will have a function, instead of a value.
A method is always a function consol.log(" ")  .log() is a method

for in loop loops through the properties of an object. Written
ex: for (variable in object){

}

for example, it will loop through all the properties of an object and return until all the variables are printed


Dot notation- a way to write to seperate the object.property and
A way to access property. Used for alphanumeric characters (can't use a single number).
Only used when we know the exact name of the property
ex. object.property

Bracket notation- object['property'], same defination as before but used for only strings. Write keyword as a string!
Used when you may or maynot know the location of the property. Also, use with variables

ex.function(user,key){
    user[key]
}  
*unknown user and unknown key*

ex. document['createElement']('pre')

